# project_restaurant

During my studies I created many interesting projects in different technologies. One of them, which I find more interesting, was the creation of a web application for restaurants with a content management system. :sunglasses:

A few words about how it works: :grey_question:

When the page loads the user gets the opportunity to register or log in. There is also an option to reset your password in case you forget it. The application is divided into guest, regular client, manager and admin roles. Depending on whether the user is logged in and what is his role, he will be shown another page with different options. For the guest, it is only an opportunity to review the available menu of the restaurant and filter the results. In addition to what the guest received the opportunity to select dishes, add them to the shopping cart with the option to purchase, view the history of purchases, as well as leave opinions and comments on a given dish that was once ordered, but only once. The manager has the ability to view the available restaurant menu along with filtering, updating and deleting dishes. In addition to the capabilities of the manager, the admin can also view the list of created users, change their roles, and ban them in a specially prepared admin panel. It is also possible to choose the type of login session in the application. An interesting aspect of this project is the instant update of data for all users, e. g. the number of available dishes they see on the screen while there have been changes in the database. This is possible thanks to the use of Realtime Database provided by Firebase. The project has a very user-friendly and clear graphical interface. Technologies such as Angular, Firebase are used (Realtime Database, Authentication, Storage ), Bootstrap, Angular Material. The web application is constantly hosted on the server and can be used.
